
JOHN GILBERTSON: Yes, Jim, I will. Actually, it is Kurt who does these numbers. Automotive was 19%. Cellular was up about 2%, which is at 16%, which is a little in conflict with what you are hearing, but we are seeing a customer mix shift I might say there. Computer was down a point to 12%. Consumer was flat at 9%, as was industrial at 13% and medical at 8%. Military was down about a point from 5% to 4% during the quarter. Networking was up from 4% to 5%, and telecom was flat at 14%.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Jim, right now we don't see any restructuring there. Our current issue is the increase of production in those two facilities, and I think the issue -- we would continue to run two different facilities in China. They are close to each other, which helps some of the overhead structure. But in reality that other plant that we have, the original AVX plant, is pretty busy right now. So we couldn't consolidate and there is not room in the new Chinese facility. So as far as the margin going forward, we feel like once we get some of our material in there, some changes, a little volume increase, that we'll be at the same margin that we are seeing in our current Tantalum business. So we look forward to that adding to the profit margin in 60 days to 90 days, depending on the issues that we see.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Thank you, Jim.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Honestly Matt, I rewrote that speech after I read all the press. The press can wear you out there if you listen to it and read it. It is a pretty lot of negative inputs out there. But I would say we don't feel that negative at this point. There is a lot of things going on out there. Part of the issue here is, as you well know, there are some of our competitors that are out there at a zero margin booking product. And the issue in the quarter for us, more than end market demand, will be what we walk away from versus what we take. So can we make that? We feel very confident, but if the margins on the consumer products, we will walk away from those and let those zero-margin guys take that in this time. But right now, I would say we are fairly comfortable with that.

JOHN GILBERTSON: I guess there's two things. They were a little bit better than break even, but the point is they were buying product on spot market, so they were paying the market as it went through. And their material, they didn't have enough volume to really buy at even a reasonable price. So that will really help from the standpoint of improving that margin, but the other issue is, they have a product there that we are very happy with.

As a result of that acquisition, we have got additional business that we are now trying to fit into the schedule. We will probably spend some additional capacity in there to increase their output even before the acquisition is finalized. So that is positive for us, and it has strengthened our position in a couple of Smartphone producers. So from the standpoint we ought to be able to move up their revenue a little bit and we also should be able to address their cost issues.

JOHN GILBERTSON: No, it is Tantalum product.

JOHN GILBERTSON: As I sit across this table here, Kurt's hair gets grayer every day. He's working on it all the time. We have several things that we are continuing to work on. If he doesn't wear-out on me, we are going to get us another acquisition here, we think relatively soon. But we're still -- again we like this Tantalum acquisition because it became available. We had a relationship there. It allows us to get into more strength in the automotive segment in Japan, but it also brings it's other product to it.

So it came up and we want to go ahead and close that. But we are working on other acquisitions in the connector business. Again, as I mentioned, connectors have really held us up in Europe. That automotive business in connectors remains strong. We brought in the new factory on in the Czech republic to service that. But we would like to, again, do more acquisitions in the connector space.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Thank you, Matt.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Well, actually, we won't close that probably until January or February. So there will be no input on that, and we will probably, when we get closer to that, talk a little more about that. But the overall run rate for December, as we said, we think it will be for us somewhere flat to down about one point to two points, depending on really the pricing strategy during this time. Again to just reiterate, this is consumer time. Generally you see a larger mix of consumer products and that consumer products tends to be less difficult parts and smaller parts, lower valued and also lower margin. All right, Chris?

JOHN GILBERTSON: Certainly. If you look at the numbers, the ceramic was 12%, the Tantalum was 23%, our advanced products was 24%, and the connectors were 13%, and the resale business was 28%.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Thank you, Chris.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Good morning.

JOHN GILBERTSON: We're thinking about 60 days to 90 days, Brett. The issue there is the material cost. They have got in place certain higher priced materials that they bought on the spot market. We believe we will put in lower material cost in there that will help them. We have got to run through that work in process they've got. But 60 days to 90 days we believe it will be.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Kurt knows that. He is looking through the chart right now.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Jim, I am going to pass the tax issue over to Kurt. But again, we are not going to close the acquisition until January and February, so it won't impact the December quarter. But Kurt loves the tax questions.

JOHN GILBERTSON: There is an individual product that they produce, that they are a leader in that we did not produce that is being used in cell phones, Smartphones specifically, more and more. So this gives us a larger presence in Smartphones, and they had a pretty good share there. They were a leader at two big cell phone suppliers, Smartphone suppliers. So the product shift, the size and layout of the product is shifting to this particular, and allowing the total Tantalum business to grow in this product direction.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Well, Jim, in the press release, we announced that their current run rate was about $75 million per year.

JOHN GILBERTSON: Thank you, Jim.

JOHN GILBERTSON: All right, well, we would like to thank you again for attending the quarter call and we look forward to seeing you at the end of the December quarter. Thank you very much.

