JOHN GILBERTSON, PRESIDENT, CEO, AVX CORPORATION: Thank you very much, Cathy. I would like to thank all of you for attending the AVX conference call, regarding the results of our second fiscal year quarter that ended in September. I am John Gilbertson, and with me today, as usual, is Kurt Cummings, our AVX Chief Financial Officer. I hope you had, during this time, a chance to read our earnings release that was issued earlier this morning. The September quarter came in 3% above the First Call consensus for revenue, and at the earnings projection. Sales came in at roughly 2% over the June quarter, at $360.8 million. In our customer base, there continues to be uncertainty about the future, and this generated modest sales price pressures and some margin pressures, as long-term orders were limited and current orders were competitive.

When orders moderate, there tends to be more spot pricing, and several of our competitors were booking orders at difficult prices. Yet in general, we were satisfied with the margin performance, considering the multitude of unknowns. The inventory situation, particularly in the distribution channel, stayed steady during the September quarter. We had anticipated replenishment of stock, and we did see some specific product restocking, but not to the level that is normally seen in the September month. Our shipments into distribution did increase a 1.5 points from the June quarter.

At this time, we would like to say we are still in a period of inventory moderation. In this quarter, the distribution channel represented approximately 39% of our overall shipments. Distribution demand improvement is still anticipated, but it's difficult to say whether we will see that in the December quarter, or we will have to wait until the new calendar year after the macroeconomic picture improves. Yet again, we feel comfortable with our position in this channel, when inventory replenishment does improve.

Regionally, Europe remains the question mark. As a percentage of our overall sales, Europe represented 24% of the total sales, down one point from last quarter. And considering all of the press on this region, this was a respectable performance as our customer business in connectors continues to improve in Europe. Asian sales, as a percent of total, increased three points to 49%, and the America's decreased two points, to 27% of the overall.

Asia rebounded somewhat in the quarter and should be stronger in the next quarter, as the consumer market comes more on-stream for the holiday period. Looking at the market segments, we saw some seasonal growth in the cellular and networking market. Most other market segments held their own, with some weakness seen in the computer market and early signs that the military may be weakening more. Automotive and aerospace continues to be the driver of volume.

Smartphones and tablets continue to drive the need for more functionality and data, which in turn, means more computing power and increased bandwidth. As the 4G drives speed and usage, there is more demand for low power-loss products in order to conserve battery life, and that is helping that business segment. As expected, the Smartphones, at this point, look like one of the winners for the holiday season. Not only communication infrastructure, but also IT infrastructure, routers, switches are transmitting to faster devices. The cloud driven by video mobility, will see a total memory storage hitting somewhere in the range of eight zeta bytes range in the next couple of years, essentially doubling every two years.

Accessing this dramatic increase in data requires faster IT structure, equipment structure, to satisfy the consumer experience. So memory storage and IT infrastructure will see promising growth in the near term. I think one of the misconceptions in the market is that this will move more and more to flash. I think you're going to see more hard disk in that particular area. Television and laptop, with desktops included, seem to be dragging behind last year at this point. The traditional PC market is being threatened by the increase in the demand for the tablet. These devices are replacing notebooks PCs, but the Ultrabooks are trying to slow this movement into tablets.

But after Smartphones, the tablet will take second place under the Christmas tree. So, many new product launches, and a major new brand entry. The consumer segment appears to be the big unknown going into fourth calendar quarter. And although up, it appears to be weaker than last year at this time. The specialty markets of medical and aerospace defense are showing surprising demand strength. The industrial segment is being impacted by moderation of the Green Energy Program spending by governments, but we are starting to see some movement in this area, while the traditional industrial segment continues to be strong.

In the area of pricing, as we mentioned earlier, we saw pressures on prices as uncertainty continues, and much more spot buying activity as opposed to long-term orders. This always puts pressure on commodity product pricings, which fail in the area of 1% to 2% during the quarter, in line with the long-term historical pricing trend. The uncertainty in the visibility of the end market demand will likely continue to put pressure on selling prices in the next quarter, which typically see a mixed shift towards lower cost consumer product requirements. We believe that capacity utilization moved up some during the quarter, as more of a shift to smaller case sizes and more high CV product.

And we are seeing lead times move out about two weeks on those specific types of products. We would estimate the ceramic capacity industry utilization is near the 80% range, depending on the product type. The higher capacity product segment continues to see high utilization levels, even though it is seeing pricing pressures. This is more driven by some competitors trying to replace losses in the lower end with this higher end product. In the Tantalum product line, we increased our production this quarter based on recent demand improvements in this product line, and have added personnel in the Tantalum Group. Our strong material inventory position and low cost of manufacturing continues to give us an edge in this product type.

We continue to maintain our inventory of Tantalum material, by taking advantage of favorable spot buying opportunities. As announced last week, we are excited about the planned acquisition of Nichicon's Tantalum Component Division. With the design and production facilities in Japan and in China, it has special product capabilities and strong customer ties in Japan and throughout the Asian region. We look forward to integrating the operation into the AVX Tantalum Group. This will further enhance our position in the automotive segment, and bring a new product that we don't currently offer to the Smartphone segment.

Also, this adds another manufacturing operation in China, where our sales are growing and this particular facility is close to one of our existing facilities. With this acquisition, our strong material purchasing advantage and worldwide sales and marketing network, we will reinforce our clear number-one global Tantalum component supplier position. Currency movement during the quarter tended to decrease revenue compared to the prior year, as well as, the prior quarter. This obviously had a larger impact in Europe. During the quarter, finished goods inventory dropped 3%, while overall inventory stayed steady.

This quarter's gross margin performance at 19.1%, reflects continued solid operating performance, but has been impacted by lower sales prices. We continue to examine all of our costs, especially overhead, in order to address gross margin. SG&A expenses in the quarter came in at $29.7 million, similar to last quarter at 8.2% of sales. The profit from operation was $39.3 million or 11% of sales. During the quarter, we continued to generate positive operating cash flow estimated at $30 million. Our earnings per share were $0.17 per share for the quarter. As announced on October 10, a settlement was reached with the EPA, regarding the cleanup of the New Bedford Harbor in Massachusetts.

So the expenses taken during the June quarter were finalized with no adjustments required in this quarter. The payment will be made in three installments over a two-year period. An alleged legal predecessor company, Aerovox, produced liquid-filled capacitors adjacent to the harbor in the late 1930s to the early 1970s. The owner of this facilities are either dissolved or in bankruptcy. AVX itself, never produced this type of capacitor, nor does it do so today.

On the visibility going forward, it continues to be uncertain into the next few quarters, but we expect to see increasing business that tracks the general economic improvement as we head into a new calendar year. Based on the input from our customers and the fewer operating days in the quarter, at this time, we would estimate that revenue in the December quarter could be flat to down 1% or 2%, compared to the September quarter if in-market demand holds up during the balance of the holiday season. We would expect margins to come in near the same range, even considering that we see a larger mix of commodity products, and obviously this will depend upon the sales level and product mix.

During the quarter, we paid $12.7 million in dividends, and we spent 3.$7 million repurchasing AVX shares on the market during the quarter. Our overall financial position continues to remain strong. We spent $13.1 million for facility improvements and equipment expansion in the quarter. Depreciation expense totalled $9.7 million for the quarter.

The issue today continues to be uncertainty across the board, as our customers are waiting for the next move in the general economy. I think everyone now believes the December quarter will be hampered by general macroeconomic concerns that still persist. We have the financial strength to continue to address our customer needs for electronic solutions in order to create the exciting consumer and industrial products that will drive future growth opportunities.

We will also continue to look for additional acquisition opportunities that will enhance our technology and product portfolio. I would now like to open the lines up for questions.

