RORY READ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC.: Thank you, Ruth. We made progress in the fourth quarter, delivering on our commitments, managing expense and cash and beginning to transform AMD for long-term growth and profitability. However, full-year results fell short of our expectations as the challenging macro environment resulted in a weaker than expected PC market.

As I mentioned on our last earnings call, we are executing a turnaround that will take several quarters. We expect continued choppiness in the PC market in the first half of 2013 and we will closely manage the business as we reset, restructure and ultimately transform AMD. We have the right strategy and a new set of products coming to market in 2013. We continued to make the investments required to drive a larger percentage of our revenue in the high-growth adjacent markets -- dense server, semicustom, embedded and ultra low-power client markets.

We are implementing three phases of our turnaround -- first, complete the restructuring of our business. This is a critical step in reducing our operating cost model to enable a return to profitability. Second, accelerate our business in 2013 by executing the delivery and launch of a new set of powerful product offerings. And, third, transform AMD to take advantage of high-growth opportunities in adjacent markets where our IP provides a competitive advantage.

As with any turnaround, it is critical we meet our commitments throughout each step. To that end, we effectively managed our cost, reduced our inventory and maintained our cash above our minimum acceptable levels in the fourth quarter. Revenue of [$1.155 billion] (corrected by company after the call) met our guidance while decreasing 9% sequentially and by 32% from a year ago.

For the second year in a row, we had a successful black Friday as sales of AMD-based notebooks in North American retail grew from a year ago. As a result, nearly one in every three notebooks sold in US retail in the fourth quarter were powered by AMD. We also saw a sequential increase in desktop microprocessor ASP based on strong channel adoption of our new Athlon FX CPU and A-Series APUs in the quarter. The value proposition of our latest processor drove demand and helped reduce channel inventory.

Customers continue to embrace the differentiated value proposition of our APUs. We added VIZIO as a new customer based on the industry-leading graphics performance and long battery life of AMD's APUs. VIZIO's first AMD-based products will include two touch-base ultra-thin and a Windows 8 tablet.

Now turn to our server business, we recorded significant revenue growth for our SeaMicro dense servers, driven by a large-scale cloud data center win. SeaMicro solutions are being deployed and evaluated by a broad variety of marquee customers, demonstrating the value of our investment in dense server and setting the stage for continued future growth.

Our graphics business performed well in the quarter as well, highlighted by record workstation and gaming revenue and the launch of the Nintendo Wii U game system powered by AMD graphics technology. To help accelerate desktop GPU sales in the channel and reinforce our long-term strategy to be a leader in gaming, we launched the Never Settle campaign in the quarter. This promotion was well received by partners and consumers as we bundled some of the season's hottest games with our highest-performing graphics cards.

In the channel, unit shipment and revenue for our high-end Radeon graphics grew, driving a richer mix and increased ASP from the previous quarter. We will launch a follow-on promotion this quarter, pairing our highest-performing graphics cards with some of the most anticipated game titles of 2013.

Now I want to return to the trends impacting AMD and the industry overall and the steps we are taking to restructure, accelerate and ultimately transform our business. We are well on our way toward implementing a new operating model that will allow us to achieve lower operating expense and enable a return to profitability. In addition, the new products that will accelerate our business in 2013 have passed several key milestones in the quarter as we begin shipping Richland and secured solid design wins for the Brazos follow-on Kabini and our new ultra-low power Temash APU. Both Kabini and Temash are currently going through the final internal validation in parallel with customer evaluation, in anticipation of launches that are planned for the first half of this year.

