RORY READ, PRESIDENT AND CEO, ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES: Thank you, Ruth. Q1 was a solid quarter for AMD. We made good progress, improving our execution, becoming more consistent and building trust with our customers and partners. We have taken steps to position the Company to seize the opportunities in front of us, both in the high-growth markets and in the product categories where our innovative technology provides us with leadership opportunities.

Our improved execution resulted in better-than-expected revenue of $1.59 billion for the seasonally down first quarter, a 6% sequential decrease and a 2% decrease year-over-year.

First-quarter non-GAAP income was $92 million. This is a 64% improvement from the year-ago period, which was driven by gross margin improvements resulting from a richer product mix and operational efficiencies. A steady supply of 32-nanometer products allowed us to meet our customer commitments in the quarter. Consistent execution that builds trust with our customers remains a fundamental part of our near-term growth strategy.

We're also pleased with our 28-nanometer graphics product ramp. We met our new product introduction commitments in the quarter and we are now the only company offering a top to bottom family of 28-nanometer discrete desktop GPU offerings. Customer demand for these industry-leading graphics products is strong.

Adoption of our APUs continues to accelerate. APUs accounted for nearly 100% of our mobile unit shipments in the quarter, helping drive an approximate 30% increase in mobile processor unit shipments and significant mobile revenue growth from a year ago. We saw strong success in the critical 400 to 700 mainstream retail notebook price band, which accounts for nearly 50% of all notebooks sold in retail in 2011. For example, the best-selling premium notebook SKU of the first quarter at Best Buy was, in fact, powered by our AMD A8 APU.

Our next-generation Trinity APU for mainstream notebooks extends our leadership opportunity in this large and growing price band. Trinity improves on virtually every aspect of our current A series APUs while doubling the performance per watt. By integrating a discrete level GPU into the die, Trinity enables outstanding video and gaming experiences with superior battery life. Trinity is a great value, excelling at running the types of software increasingly used by our consumers buying these mainstream notebooks. We are successfully ramping production of Trinity APUs as customers prepare to launch a record number of AMD notebook designs beginning this quarter.

Our momentum with Brazos continued in the quarter as well, helping drive a double-digit percentage increase in emerging market revenue from the period one year ago. Brazos delivers an unmatched value proposition and experience for consumer in these emerging markets. The introduction of Brazos 2.0 this quarter builds on the momentum, thanks to many new features, and improves performance and extended battery life. We have made it easy for customers to take advantage of these advancements by simplifying platform transitions and reducing their time to market. Trinity and Brazos 2.0 systems will be available globally this quarter and we expect broad availability of broad availability for the key back-to-school period.

Our server business continues to make steady progress. We achieved our third consecutive quarter of server processor unit shipment growth, driven by increased adoption of our Bulldozer-based offerings. For the first time, Bulldozer processors accounted for more than 50% of server revenue and unit shipments in the quarter. We are strengthening our server customer relationships, refining our capabilities and methodically laying the foundation required to build long-term growth and leadership. We are fully committed to build this business step by step over the long-term.

We accelerated our disruptive server strategy in the quarter with the acquisition of SeaMicro. This acquisition positions AMD to take a leadership position in the fast-growing cloud data center market and sets the stage for AMD to provide unmatched low-power, high-bandwidth server solutions that expand our market opportunity. This is an exciting area of the business that I look forward to discussing more in future calls.

In graphics, solid demand for our next-generation AMD Radeon 7000 graphic cards, particularly in the channel, drove sequential GPU revenue increases. We are focused on growing the profitability of our graphics business by attacking and winning more channel business. We will introduce our first 28-nanometer notebook discrete graphic chips this quarter, and we expect to quickly transition the majority of our product mix to these industry-leading products.

So, in summary, we are excited about the opportunities in front of us and we know we have the right ingredients to win and grow. First, we are refreshing our entire portfolio of APU offerings, strengthening our growth opportunity in high-volume segments and fast-growing markets. Next, we have amended our wafer supply agreement with GLOBALFOUNDRIES to create a win-win business arrangement. We are also seeing continuous improvement in 32-nanometer yields, helping ensure we have the right products to meet customer demand. And then, step-by-step, we are becoming a more consistent execution engine. We are building more trust with our customers and partners and having a greater opportunity to win more of their business.

We are seeing results with our efforts. For example, with the strong adoption of our Trinity APU for ultrathin notebooks, customers are excited that Trinity fits into virtually any ultrathin design, providing unmatched visual experience, superior battery life at a very attractive mainstream price point. Trinity-based ultrathins provide superior performance and value for all customers, not just a small portion of the market buying expensive, premium notebooks. We have a number of high-volume ultrathin design wins across our customer base, setting the stage for continued growth as mainstream notebooks continue their transition to these thinner and lighter designs that will dominate the market in the years to come.

With that I'll turn it over to Thomas, who will cover our financials for the first quarter.

