RORY READ: Are you there?

RORY READ: Thanks, [Sanjay]. You know, 28-nanometer has been -- is a very important part of our business. As you may know, we're the first Company that has launched our entire desktop discrete graphics product set on 28-nanometer. And I can tell you that, within the first quarter, we were able to deliver on all of our customer commitments in that Graphics segment.

What we are doing is we're monitoring this closely. We believe that a focus on execution consistently, day in and day out, will yield better returns and better execution. We think that from our perspective that we have the execution in place, the relationships with our key foundry partners to deliver on our 28-nanometer product ramp. Of course, we are going to monitor it. We are going to track it week in and week out to make sure, and we do hear some of the information in the quarter. We believe that we can deliver our base plan and our commitments to the customers. Right now, we are looking to the ability to reach upside. That's what's probably holding us back on the 28-nanometer going forward.

But again, we are focused on going after that and we have the execution and plans in place, Sanjay.

RORY READ: From a standpoint of server, again, as we mentioned in earlier remarks, server has shown three consecutive quarters of solid, improving momentum and execution. And we believe, with Bulldozer now reaching over 50% of the revenue and unit shipments, we are positioned to continue to build on that execution and momentum. It is about building a business over a long term, and we believe that step by step we can create that business momentum and continue to build on that server.

In terms of the ASP, we see some impact in terms of the mix and certain deals that were there. But we continue to believe that we will build on that mix and continue to move forward from there. Also, you may reflect on that with the acquisition of SeaMicro, it uniquely positions us to continue to participate and build on this server momentum in the fast-growing mega-data center segment, around dense computing. And we are very excited to bring on this solution into our portfolio of products.

From a client perspective, our ASP models in terms of matching our customer demand are consistent. We like to build on that moving each quarter out. And from a perspective our partners and customers are very excited about the APU solutions, whether it was Brazos and Llano. And now, with the launch of Trinity and then Brazos 2.0, with an unprecedented number of design wins I think we are uniquely positioned to continue to build on that and move further up the price band stack with our APU offerings with the new Trinity offering, which, again, based on what we are seeing is better in basically every key dimension and two times the performance per watt.

RORY READ: Sure, Uche. Well, it's very nice to speak to you and I'm glad you were able to get back on.

Around ultrathins, with the new Trinity launch and the record number of design wins we have been able to capture, I think this is an exciting time for AMD. And with the introduction of Trinity and our ability to reach just about any thickness in ultrathin design that our customers have designed, I think, again, we're positioned very well to take advantage of this continued movement to thin and light. Trinity has outstanding battery life. It has the ability for us to introduce it into this very thin, ultrathin form factor.

And what's powerful about this, Uche, and how you need to think about it -- ultrathins are not just for the few in the premium high-priced segments. We need to look at the ability to bring ultrathins and high mobility to all customers, to bring it into mainstream. What's exciting about the design wins that we are seeing and the continued momentum around ultrathins around AMD is around our ability to reach mainstream price points, to open this up to everyone. And that's an opportunity where I think we can play off some of this initial energy and buzz that's all kind of crowded at this very high price band. But with a set of AMD offerings where they are key partners, I think they are very interested in entering into this mainstream segment. And I think it uniquely positions us in the second half to participate in a very powerful way as we move forward.

I like how we are set up in this segment. That's where the volume is. That's where the business is, and that's where our designs are being won, and that, we believe, will be some high runner, high-volume partner wins. And we're excited about it.

RORY READ: Yes. Uche, server is obviously a key business for us, a business that we want to consistently build over the long-term. We are in this space for the long haul. We are going to build this business over a quarter-by-quarter execution focus. We are working to build out our capabilities and our go to market, our support from the ecosystem and the technology that we can bring to market. I think we've made some good initial progress here in terms of the momentum that we are creating in server, but this is a step-by-step and long-term set of initiatives. We have plenty of work to continue to do around execution and around server, and we are going to be intensely focused on that.

The key to winning in server is to create the solution that allows the customer to get a better experience in terms of price performance, performance per watt, lower space usage. And we really play very well in terms of virtualization. And I think this positions us well going forward.

So, again, I think good initial progress, Uche. I think we will continue to build on that. We clearly want to keep that momentum going and adding server share quarter in and quarter out, but this is a long-term strategy, one that we are in it for the long haul and we're going to build on that strategy. That's why we went after SeaMicro. And we believe, with SeaMicro, it positions us to capture that high-growth, dense server play.

Think about that fabric and what that's going to do in that server segment, where we are going to we've 16 and 32 servers in a fabric that creates a dense solution that dramatically lowers power consumption, floor space, all the components that matter to these big cloud server structures. We believe we have gained share and we believe that with a continued focus, a continued buildout of our capability this quarter, next quarter and well into the future, we can continue to build out that model.

RORY READ: You know, I think this, Glenn, is a very interesting segment in terms of the embedded opportunity for us. This is an important business already for us, and I think there is continued opportunity as we introduce the next family of core solutions around Trinity and Brazos 2.0. We have seen very strong interest in terms of the embedded market. We will continue to build that out in 2013 as we introduce the next family of those sets of products. Whether that's in thin client or around gaming or any of the verticals, there's a lot of interest in this capability of the APU combining a compute complex with a graphics complex that allows the processing and the power of the solution to be brought to bear at a very attractive, valuable price/performance scenario.

So I think we're going to see some increased focus from us in terms of our embedded business and to really leverage the infrastructure and capability we have created.

RORY READ: Yes, thanks, Stacy, a good question. From a hard file perspective, we have not, as we have talked about before, we -- this is a very resilient supply chain in the PC industry. Having been in it for a long time, I've seen many parts situations come and go, and this is no different. Once we got past the January time frame, the hard file situation has pretty much gotten past everybody in the industry. We saw no significant impact in terms of hard file to our business results in Q1. And with the only issue being some residual higher pricing that's floating around in the market around files, I don't think there's a significant impact into 2Q and 3Q. I think this is fundamentally behind the industry and should be able to move forward.

In terms of it having impact on the lift going forward, I think we have already seen that strong capability in both February and March. We have been able to really catch up on that business and position us to move forward from there.

RORY READ: From the standpoint of desktop, there's no doubt those earlier issues kind of held that back. We are intensely focused on increasing our ability to deliver and really recapture that share in desktop. This is important for our business and it is important to go forward. I don't really see, from a desktop perspective, any significant issues. We've just got to deliver the 45 processor load and the 32. We've got to ramp that up as, now, supply positions are dramatically better.

In terms of trade-off between 32 and 45, 45 still plays well in the market. 32 is beginning to ramp up now that you've gotten the supply situation behind us. We are focused on this. You can talk to any of our business unit leaders; this is an item that we have to continue to focus on and make progress. I am not seeing anything from an execution standpoint that should hold us back. We need to deliver on this capability and put us in a position to go forward.

RORY READ: Okay, no problem. Thanks for the question. From the standpoint of emerging market I do want to reference the emerging market. In the quarter, we've definitely seen continued microprocessor revenue growth, up about 21% year-over-year. And clearly, the Brazos APU has done very well in emerging market and Llano followed that up.

As we've begun to launch Trinity, there's been a real interest in Trinity. We've shipped Trinity, we are making all of the ramp figures that we've made commitments to our customer. And there's strong interest from both ODMs in terms of their -- across all ODMs in that segment.

And then, with Brazos 2.0, of course they are looking for the increased performance, the increased capability that we are introducing into that segment. They like that segment. Brazos has done well. Brazos 2.0, with that additional, has strong interest from the OEMs.

So I'm not seeing that, JoAnne, in terms of any pause or concern. Right now in the channel, we are focused on 45-nanometer product -- and minus 1. We are also focused on building up the Llano because 32 is now under control, and the execution and the yields are performing very well out of GLOBALFOUNDRIES. And then what we've got to do is now launch this record number of designs with Trinity and then Brazos 2.0 in the quarter. OEM interest has never been stronger and we look to continue to build on that.

RORY READ: Well, we've already run a substantial number of design wins in that space. And as I continue to meet with OEM customers, our large global accounts, there's more and more continued interest around that. You're going to see that continue to go into the second half, and that's very important. As I mentioned earlier, I really think that the current ultrathins that are being grouped in this very high-priced band in a very crowded way is going to cause a problem.

If we think about it and we go where we've gone and attacked with our customers is to say, let's go after mainstream. Let's bring this to everyone, people are going to want this solution at a great price, and we think we can fly right under that pricing umbrella and really attack it with this Trinity launch with some high-volume runners.

RORY READ: From my perspective, because of the way we are constructing the solutions with these large global accounts and the way we are using this superior APU kind of architecture that gives an outstanding experience, we can hit that ultrathin form factor and then total bill of material puts us in a very interesting price point that allows us to get into that upper mainstream segment. I think that opens it up for some really interesting discussions on what's the better play here.

RORY READ: Well, as I mentioned earlier, I really believe that the hard file situation base and the resiliency of this PC ecosystem supply chain always works itself out. And we saw this really come fundamentally under control in early February. Any residuals in terms of demand issues from fourth quarter, which were relatively small, kind of moved past that. And we have seen that momentum continue through February and March. Again, there are some residual pricing issues around hard files because they haven't come all the way back down. That always takes a little longer to happen. But I don't see any reason that, based on our expectation and guidance for second quarter, there's not anything significantly unusual driven by hard files at all.

RORY READ: Well, clearly, based on when you look at the information from the big players -- IDC, the Gartner's, etc., Mercury, it's across the board -- there's a general feel that 2012 is going to be better than 2011. And we agree with that. We believe that there is single-digit performance across the year. We think that it's going to build on itself quarter on quarter. But it's going to be nothing like a hockey stick or anything like that. It's going to be consistent improvement quarter after quarter, and what we want to do is to capture our unfair share of that growth moving forward.

RORY READ: Well, remember, what we are doing is we are bringing that APU solution into those key price bands where we play strongly, entry and mainstream. And we've driven a nearly 30% year-over-year mobile processor unit shipment increase. I think that's per the exciting, with virtually basically almost 100% of the first-quarter mobile shipments now being APUs. We are targeting those price bands and we put those APUs right in those segments that allows us to create that great experience for the customer, that combined power of the GPU graphics complex with the CPU complex and one SOC allows us to create the experience that's tailored to the movement around the cloud and how application and data are going to move information to these clients.

That experience is unique, and by creating a great value proposition, that's how I think we are seeing this 30% year-over-year, basically 30% year-over-year mobile processor shipment increase. I think what we are doing here is positioning right into those price bands to continue his momentum.

And now, as we launch the next generations top to bottom, refreshing this APU with Brazos 2.0 and Trinity and the amount of design wins that we've created, step by step, we continue to build on this momentum in the mobile space and bringing APU across the board.

RORY READ: From a standpoint, there's no doubt that Trinity improves just about every key aspect of the previous generation of APUs. And it is a very exciting product. We did some pre-launch work with a number of analysts and press in a controlled environment. They were excited to see this product. And we are excited about this product. I think we are situated very well with our performance per watt, which is basically double the last family. And I think we can cover a wider swath in terms of that entry and mainstream portfolio between Brazos 2.0 and the Trinity family. But I believe that we should be looking to increase it, but it's not going to be in any gigantic number. We want to continue the momentum, continue to build on this and continue to build on this quarter after quarter through clean execution, meeting our commitments to our global accounts and our partners. That's job one.

RORY READ: Yes, it's interesting. I think Win 8 is going to be more of an x86 event, in my opinion, having come from the OEM side of the business. I think it's an important event. I think it will generate interest, it will create demand. There's no doubt forward and backward compatibility will be very important. And I think, over time, lower power in the client space will be important.

What we have done with Brazos demonstrated, what, over 30 million units shipped in that within the first year. Brazos 2.0 builds on that. And then next year, as you have seen in our roadmap work at analyst day, the next generation of that family even takes it further. And I think what we believe is there's the opportunity for us to continue to win in that space with a great price performance, a great performance per watt, forward and backward compatibility in a segment that's very attractive.

For the other players are now entering it, it's going to take a bit of time to build out that ecosystem. They've got to make sure that they've got enough performance to do the things that have to be done on that device. Remember, there were some other solutions that were introduced in the past that had difficulty as they moved into the segment because maybe they were slightly underpowered.

We believe that we can reach the price points, the performance points and the power per watt that we need to do, to win in this segment. And of course, we will continue to work on an ambidextrous, agile architecture that will give us a lot of flexibility both in the server and client space moving forward.

RORY READ: I think you're almost looking at it the wrong way. I think this is part of the inflection point that we talk about. But about what that kind of convergence, right, and the cloud, those 2 Cs, are really going to do in terms of this processor and compute environment. This, where we play strongly, entry and mainstream, is going to be the dominant segment. And as you see us continue to drive low power into every one of our offerings and the capability with an ambidextrous architecture that reduces our time to market, gives us higher quality, allows us to do it with more efficiency and gives us flexibility across architectures with more consistent use of IP, I think that AMD is uniquely positioned to capture this.

It isn't about following anybody and it isn't about being an alternative. That's not what it's about. It's about seeing where the market is going, and this market is beginning to change. And I think AMD with the technology, the architecture, the kind of skills that we have in the Company -- if we play our cards right, this change in terms of this inflection point introduces an opportunity for us.

RORY READ: No, no, no.

RORY READ: Hey, Huey, before you go to the next question, I do want to make a comment. I apologize for anyone on the phone. I do refer to HDDs -- you know, the hard disk drives -- as hard files. That's based on my IBM legacy from being in the IT environment. So if I confused anyone, when I talk about hard files, I'm talking about HDDs, so I apologize for that.

RORY READ: Graphics -- what we've seen is a very interesting continued progress around the graphics portfolio. We began the year the way we began 2011, with the fastest GPU card on the planet. And we believe that with the work that we are doing now here with 28-nanometer products across the entire discrete graphics portfolio, we are very well positioned. Now we are going to introduce the discrete graphics around 28-nanometer into the notebook space. There is always going to be some slight pressure down as that market continues to move toward APUs. But I believe with the portfolio and product set and the introductions that we will continue to do through the year, that we're positioned to continue to move forward.

RORY READ: I don't really get into that specific. It's really part of the overall 3%, plus or minus 3.

RORY READ: Well, from a standpoint of server, it's about rebuilding our capabilities and relationships, of course, across the portfolio. Over the past several years, we saw our share position decline consistently in the server segment. What we've done is we've got a renewed focus and a commitment to a long-term strategy to build a set of server offerings. With the SeaMicro acquisition, it positions us in the fastest-growing segment of the server market. With Bulldozer, we've begun to build out our capability in terms of our go to market, our ecosystem relationship. And you are going to see us focus very, very well in terms of execution on server, because server is different than consumer products. You've got to deliver high quality, you have got to deliver it on time, on schedule. That's what CIOs count on and they believe on. We've made good momentum the first three quarters, but that's just the beginning of the journey that we are on. This is a long-term game plan, and we are going to use this server experience here and with the introduction of our next generations around Abu Dhabi and a future roadmap item, you're going to see us continue to move down that path.

But again, long-term strategy. In terms of ASPs, this space is -- again, there is always about the mix that you have and the certain deals that you win. We want to continue that momentum and to continue to build on that server space to create the base for future growth as we move both in the traditional server space and into the dense space.

In terms of the APUs, we talked about it earlier. We are in the key price bands. We play very well in those price bands. We believe, with Brazos 2.0 and Trinity and with the design and interest around those two products, we are well positioned to continue the momentum that we are creating -- up 30% year-over-year in mobile processor unit shipments or just about, 100% are now APUs. We believe that we can continue to capture parts of this growing market moving forward that positions us well in that segment.

And then again, the last piece I'll answer, Patrick, is around ultrathins. I think the ultrathins is a very interesting space for us. It's something we really need to watch. Ultrathins are for everyone. And ultrathins and thin and light are going to be a core product across the industry. This is nothing new. Thin and light has been going on for the past 15 years. We're taking it to the next level and we're going to bring it to everyone.

RORY READ: Well, you always want to have a balanced perspective. Right? This isn't a full-out attack where it's all about just share. We have a balanced perspective. Thomas and the financial team have constructed a strategy that allows us to expand earnings and allows us to position future growth. We want a balanced approach. We want to make sure that we are gaining and competing well in terms of volume and share, particularly in emerging market, particularly in the key segments and price bands where we know the future global and the inflection point will be. And we want to continue to build on that. That's how you want to do it, and at the same time you want to make sure that the margin is there so that you can continue to drive the cash generation and the ability to invest in future opportunities going forward.

This is not a one-trick pony; we want to build this on a consistent, sustainable model, quarter in and quarter out, year after year. That's when we want to be recognized as an execution engine that delivers on its strategy and its commitments to its customers, shareholders and partners.

RORY READ: Yes. Of course, I'd like to do it as soon as possible. That would always be good. But this is a long-term strategy. We have made some initial momentum. We are going to continue to build on that. But no, we are in this long-term. We went after SeaMicro, we are building the traditional server space. You're going to see us continue to work in terms of -- and by direct service capability, you're going to see us continue to work in terms of building out that roadmap. This is just the beginning of a long journey and a journey that we believe that we're making good initial progress. But it's -- again, it's over a period of time that that consistent execution will pay dividends, or pay results.

RORY READ: Yes, yes -- spent too much time at IBM talking about hard files. Sorry about that, everyone. Last question?

RORY READ: Yes. There's no doubt, as this inflection point continues to accelerate, and it will over the next 3 to 5 years, that emerging markets are going to be key. Consumerization is going to continue to drive a different mindset around the commercial segments, around the clients. You're going to see the next billion or 2 billion customers in the PC segment around these converged devices come from those emerging markets. You're going to see us continue to focus on -- we've talked about it in many of our strategy sessions -- around low power and continuing to drive down with ambidextrous capability and to attack and to win in the emerging market. We saw 21% year-over-year microprocessor revenue growth in the emerging market. That's a good start, but we have to continue to build on that.

If you look at the other regions, Europe is obviously a difficult environment in terms of its macroeconomic trends, something that we are watching very closely. I think we are performing reasonably well in that environment, but until some of the sovereign debt issues get solved, I think that's going to be a wild card in terms of its velocity and its business expansion. I think North America has performed pretty well over the past several quarters, and all the data that I read from external sources point to a reasonable, consistent GDP growth that should be good for our performance in those mature segments like North America. But, again, it's about the emerging markets and winning in that over time.

RORY READ: Thank you, Huey, and thank you, everyone, for your time on the call today. We delivered solid results in the quarter, largely due to improved execution and a richer product mix. We expect to build on this financial and operational momentum, making consistent improvements quarter in and quarter out. We remain focused on creating innovative solutions. Our customers need to win while building a company around a strategy that produces strong cash flow and earnings growth.

Thank you again for taking the time to join us on the call today.

